In fact, I saw it right in the face that day,
Big brother, behind you, there is someone who looks similar to you. What?
He was scared when he was with my brother and you,
Didn't let me say it.
Is it still there now?
He hasn't appeared since yesterday.
College, if you see him again in the future,
Do you have to talk to me? Let’s go,
College, here we are.
Brother, are we home? Yes,
This will be your home from now on. Do you like it?
Do you like it? Just like it. Brother, I have something else to do.
Go out too and make yourself more afraid, right? Not afraid
Others will be back soon
But he told me not to be careful about leaving half an item behind
Time to find him
You can save half of it
Go first and save enough
How about this